pw-dot: add page (#11904)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pw-dot.md

# pw-dot

> Create `.dot` files of the PipeWire graph.

> > See also: `dot` for rendering graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See also: `dot`, for rendering graph.
```

> More information: <https://docs.pipewire.org/page_man_pw-dot_1.html>.

- Generate a graph to `pw.dot` file:

`pw-dot`

> - Specify a filename showing all object types:
> 
> `pw-dot --all --output {{path/to/file.dot}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specify an output file, showing all object types:

`pw-dot --output {{path/to/file.dot}} --all`
```

I feel like this is clearer because it matches the order of the args. Also it's more accurately a path, not just a filename (although confusingly, it says "file name" in the man page).

> - Print `.dot` graph to stdout showing all object properties:
> 
> `pw-dot --detail --output -`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print `.dot` graph to stdout, showing all object properties:

`pw-dot --output - --detail`
```

> - Generate a graph from a remote instance showing only linked objects:
> 
> `pw-dot --smart --remote {{remote_name}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Generate a graph from a remote instance, showing only linked objects:

`pw-dot --remote {{remote_name}} --smart`
```
